update several 'CREATE' related statement (#2861)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-create-table.md

| `AUTO_INCREMENT` | The initial value of the increment field | `AUTO_INCREMENT` = 5 |
|`SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS`| To set the number of bits for the implicit `_tidb_rowid` shards |`SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS` = 4|
|`PRE_SPLIT_REGIONS`| To pre-split `2^(PRE_SPLIT_REGIONS)` Regions when creating a table |`PRE_SPLIT_REGIONS` = 4|

> |`AUTO_ID_CACHE`| To set the auto ID cache size in a TiDB instance. By default, TiDB automatically resize it according to allocation speed |`AUTO_ID_CACHE` = 200|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`AUTO_ID_CACHE`| To set the `AUTO_ID` cache size in a TiDB instance. By default, TiDB automatically changes this size according to the allocation speed of `AUTO_ID` |`AUTO_ID_CACHE` = 200|
```

Author: `AUTO_ID` is not a keyword. "auto ID" means "ID allocated automatically", including `auto_increment` ID and `auto_random` ID.

> |`AUTO_RANDOM_BASE`| To set the initial incremental part value of auto_random. This can be consider as an internal interface. For users, please ignore |`AUTO_RANDOM_BASE` = 0|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`AUTO_RANDOM_BASE`| To set the initial auto-increment part value of the `auto_random` attribute. This parameter can be considered as a part of the internal interface. Users can ignore this parameter. 
 |`AUTO_RANDOM_BASE` = 0|
```

Author: I think "auto-increment" here and the keyword "auto_increment" can confuse users.

Reviewer: Comment updated, PTAL.

## MySQL compatibility

> * TiDB does not support the temporary table, but it ignores the syntax `CREATE TEMPORARY TABLE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* TiDB does not support temporary tables, but it ignores the `CREATE TEMPORARY TABLE` syntax.
```

* All of the data types except spatial types are supported.
* `FULLTEXT`, `HASH` and `SPATIAL` indexes are not supported.
* The `KEY_BLOCK_SIZE` and `ENGINE` attributes are parsed but ignored.

> * The `index_col_name` attribute supports the length option with a maximum length limit of 3072 bytes by default. The length limit can be changed in the `max-index-length` configuration option. For details, see [TiDB configuration file](/tidb-configuration-file.md#max-index-length).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `index_col_name` attribute supports the length option with a maximum length limit of 3072 bytes by default. The length limit can be changed through the `max-index-length` configuration option. For details, see [TiDB configuration file](/tidb-configuration-file.md#max-index-length).
```

* The `index_col_name` attribute supports the index sorting options of `ASC` and `DESC`
* The `COMMENT` attribute supports a maximum of 1024 characters and does not support the `WITH PARSER` option.
* TiDB supports at most 512 columns in a single table. The corresponding number limit in InnoDB is 1017, and the hard limit in MySQL is 4096.

> * For partitioned tables, only Range, Hash and Range Columns(single column) are supported. For details, see [partitoned table](/partitioned-table.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For partitioned tables, only Range, Hash and Range Columns (single column) are supported. For details, see [partitoned table](/partitioned-table.md).
```
